[Feature][Doc] Add Config file introduce. (#1740)
apache/seatunnel: docs/en/faq.md

# FAQ

## Why I should install computing engine like Spark or Flink

> Now SeaTunnel uses computing engines like spark and flink to complete resource scheduling and node communication, so we can focus on the ease of use of data synchronization and the development of high-performance components. But this is only temporary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now SeaTunnel uses computing engines such as spark and flink to complete resource scheduling and node communication, so we can focus on the ease of use of data synchronization and the development of high-performance components. But this is only temporary.
```
